# Who is the Arthur Naseef

Arthur started programming at a very early age on a TRS-80 with 64KB of
RAM. In his early carrier, starting before Linux was available, he
focused on Unix, C, and database work. Over the years, reaching into
embedded systems, Linux kernel drivers, performance tuning, concurrency,
and much, much more.

After switching to the Java world, fighting with ActiveMQ, reading
through the broker code, and finding a couple of bugs in the broker
internals, Arthur was offered Apache committer status on the project and
eventually PMC membership. He continues to consult, primarily focused on
Java-based Service Oriented Architected (aka "Microservices"), and
asserts expertise in Java, the JVM, and more.

Arthur is not shy to dig deep into internals - of third-party packages,
O/S operation, Kernel internals - in order to solve problems. Some of
this can be seen in recent commits to the Ignite project, including a
commit for this issue:
<https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/IGNITE-17274>.

Besides consulting work, you can see some of Arthur’s efforts at work at
Playful Digital Learning where he builds the technology that powers the
business, including PDLCode, which enables early coders to learn by
coding Minecraft in-game interactions.

## My Philosophy

Wiring cool code was fun in the past. But now, I strive to only write
code that actually provides value - automating business-needs,
automating the development process to speed development, applying
best-practices, working tech debt out of solutions, and so on.

Coupled together with an internal need to "Solve Problems," this has
resulted in many philosophies that guide my development toward
high-value activities and away from low-value ones. I spend a lot of
time trying to share my learning with others. And, of course, I’m always
looking to improve further.
